Date: 05-11-2024

Day: 
	it is over. whatever demon was inside me since the first time i smoked after the psychologist treatment and whatever stupid things i did and felt in that company and also, after coming out of the company, is finally over now. it is gone. last year when i have arrived here in hyderabad, i was careful with how i spent money, i was afraid and very dissapointed about whether i would learn these technologies or not. i felt peer pressure and looked up to people who are doing better job with a sense of fear. i cried helpless, i was fat, all i craved was mutton. i walked alone to my room. i was not normal. my room mates were so boring. i listened to martin scorssece vibes 70's songs. i did not smoke. on the first day of my joining the company, i was literally shaking and sweating with fear, thinking that what if i fail in learning and understanding this shit. i did not care to bother about anyone, i was lonely but i had the fear of work to keep me busy. it is always better to not get involved too emotionally with anyone. i did not give a shit about her at first. i liked the company of someone feminine and friendly. i liked i had someone good to take care of and someone to show what is right and what is wrong. slowly, i started to do her work. felt a sense of pride that i could be able to help other people and solve their work problems. then came the situation. then came the cigerattes. then came the other miseries. then came the severe suffering. then came the jealousy. then came the betrayal. then came the truth. then came the realization. then came forgiveness. i'm finally out of work related fear. i can read programming. i can eat programming. all thanks to chatgpt and my english language skills which i think i've developed talking with women all those nights. i connect with people on their misery level. they explain thier problems to me. i listen. im a good listner. im a good talker. i took all the misery from him. i was jealous of him but listening to what he said that night imprinted a strong bad impression of her and her family. all this wouldve not happened if i have minded my own business. that was a good opportunity that i lost. i would've been doing good. after i met her. all i want to do is impress her. there was him that she was attracted to and that made me feel bad and something inside me want to impress her. it became other things during course. yes. that's what happens with anyone that you are attracted to. someone you developed an emotion on. i felt bad not making them feel sorry. i felt less manly. again, all this wouldve not happened if you were minding your own business. Ah there was that RPA phase. this wouldve been very normal, if i'd not seen those failures.           
	    twice, my career took a bad turn and made the growth of my family slow because i was too attached to a wrong women. 
	    	
